here we are at one of the country's most
interesting zoo
here we find the wolf in his natural
setting next a pack of camels North
American Greyhound and here two bucks
and five cents and here two friendly
elves hello bill
hello bill hello bill hello me know zoo
would be complete without a monkey
mother nature's own weatherman the
little groundhog and he shuffled over
here we find hey don't know any time
it's dangerous
yet to read that sign you'd better take
my advice and leave them alone shame
shame you're a bad boy
the Scott cage is always a center of
interest
well we're luck
it's feeding time for the giraffe
this is the second time I've had to
speak to you leave that line alone I'm
warning you I'm a big boy
and here we come to a family of white
rabbits of course you all know how fast
they multiply now over here in the
birdhouse we find the wise old owl ooh
you me yes and interesting bird is the
South African talking parrot Polly want
a cracker
I said Polly want a cracker
yeah give me a shirt dear another
interesting bird is the Alcatraz
jailbird I didn't do it I tell ya okay
Frankie yeah Christmas I want in da I
can't know this nice day I can't hang
this on there I didn't know what I'll
tell ya I didn't do it yeah oh he did so
do it I saw him with my very own eyes so
then over here we find mother ostrich on
her name
well you do have something to grow about
oh look out look out well a jackpot last
time you'd better stop annoying that
line if you know what's good for you I'm
a big boy new to the zoo is an elephant
just in from Africa hello Express
Company this is Joe Jambo we'll send it
up right away you know those guys have
had my tongue for a week and here we
have these are some things we have left
over from that last New Year's party
pacing back and forth in their cage we
find too Restless Panthers bread and
butter bread butter bread and butter
bread and butter bread butter bread and
butter stir well here we have J
Wellington Buffett book mr. buttonhook
used to thrill thousands at the circus
by putting his head in a lion's mouth in
this cage we find the Rocky Mountain
Wildcat hey hey just a minute bud tell
me just what made you wild what made me
wild what made me wild well I'll tell
you they called my name out at Bank
night and I wasn't there
well I guess that little fellow finally
took my advice and went home
go ahead for me